(female narrator)
Previously on "Gilmore Girls."
Rory Gilmore.
- You're taking this class?
- Yes, I am.
Wonderful.
I look forward to it.
I'm suing your company.
My lawyers will be contacting
you Monday morning.
Floyd, you're not serious?
[instrumental music]
Which PI Did you have on me,
dad? Paluso, I assume?
He's the best.
He gets everything.
It's how I found out your
daughter is dating my son.
That's not true.
You'll come back to the firm.
Have your own company
under our umbrella.
And Jason is out.
Jason's out.
Hey.
Oh, I left a tip this time.
And I didn't put it
under the water glass
'cause I know you hate that
and I made sure it didn't
touch the syrup
'cause that
makes it sticky.
And I didn't leave
the last dollar in pennies.
- Just to get rid of them.
- I know.
So why are you running down
the street yelling at me?
I wasn't running.
I was walking.
I wasn't yelling.
I was talking.
Oh, what did you say?
- "Hey."
- Oh, hey.
You are a lot of work.
No, you're a lot of work.
- You heading in there?
- Yeah. I need stamps.
- Yep. I'm getting my divorce.
- What?
- Yeah.
Ge...you're getting
a-a-a mail-order divorce?
These are the papers
we had drawn up before.
I just have to sign them.
And you're
signing them in there?
There's a notary in there.
- Luke, that's a Mail Boxes Etc.
- So?
So, you buy envelopes
at a Mail Boxes Etc.
You don't get divorced
Because, I don't,
it's not dignified.
Well, crapping out in a marriage
isn't that dignified either,
but I did that.
Look, I just want to
get this over with.
It's not a big deal. I just need
to sign a piece of paper.
You're ending a marriage.
I'm signing a paper.
That says you're
ending a marriage.
Please let me do this.
Why don't you go
to a lawyer's office?
- I hate lawyers.
- How about a friend's house?
Dougie and Scooter
are off at camp.
- This is wrong.
- This is fine.
This is practical.
Getting a divorce
should not be practical.
Look, I only have 20 minutes
until I have to be back at work.
A divorce should not be rushed.
You know, for someone
who's never actually
been through a divorce
you sure know a lot about it.
You should take
a few minutes to think.
I have thought.
It's over. I know it's over.
And all I have
to do is go in there
and sign this paper
in front of a notary
and then it's
officially over.
I'm fine.
Please, I'm begging you
let me get divorced.
Alright, then. Go ahead.
Thank you.
I thought you needed stamps.
- I can get them later.
- What are you doing?
I just thought I'd
give you some privacy.
I'm not taking a shower.
- I'm signing a paper.
- I can come back later.
Will you please get in there
and buy your stamps?
Okay, fine.
Lots and lots of work.
Welcome to Mail Boxes Etc.
How may I help you?
You go ahead.
I need to get something
notarized.
Terrific!
We are happy to help you
with all of your mailing
and notarizing needs.
I will need you to fill out
your name and address
and then I will
need a thumbprint.
I know how it works, Kirk.
- You have a pen?
- I have a pen.
What can I do for you today?
- I can wait till he's done.
- She needs stamps.
- I can wait until you're done.
- Just get your stamps.
- But, I--
Oh, my God, the work.
I need stamps.
Well, your timing is perfect.
The Breakfast Food series
just came out last week.
Look at the dancing toast.
Aren't they a kick?
And here is our cartoon series.
Hey, do you have any
Lucille Balls left?
Yes, I have some balls.
I'm sorry. Are you a fan of
the 50s/mid 60s sitcom heroines?
I don't know. Am I?
I think you are.
"Bewitched"? I love "Bewitched."
Me too. Dr. Bombay was
a big influence on me.
Oh, my God. Serena?
I wanted to be Serena.
- With that hair.
- And the miniskirts.
And the groovy,
psychedelic music.
Did you practice the twitch?
Oh, who didn't practice
the twitch?
Tabitha was so lucky.
And, hey, what ever happened
to her little brother, Adam?
I mean, they determined
in episode 242
that he was
a warlock and then--
I'm trying
to get divorced here.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Remember when Endora
called him, "Derwood?"
Shh.
Sorry.
♪ If you're out on the road ♪
♪ Feelin' lonely and so cold ♪
♪ All you have to do
is call my name ♪
♪ And I'll be there
on the next train ♪
♪ Where you lead I will follow ♪
♪ Anywhere that you tell me to ♪
♪ If you need ♪
♪ You need me to be with you ♪
♪ I will follow ♪
♪ I will follow oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Where you lead I will follow ♪
♪ Anywhere that you tell me to ♪
♪ If you need ♪
♪ You need me to be with you ♪
♪ I will follow
where you lead ♪♪
Oh, man.
Beat up the toaster again?
This damn thing stopped working.
- Could get another one.
- This one will be fine.
Sure. As soon as it
learns its place.
You gonna go 10 rounds
with the coffee maker, or..
Thank you.
What happened to your thumb?
It's from
the thumbprint yesterday.
I thought they had
inkless pads now.
- They do, Kirk doesn't.
- Hmm, right.
He hasn't even heard of them.
He just uses the stuff that
came in the notary kit
he sent away for.
I've been scrubbing
my thumb for two days.
I've tried soap,
I've tried cleaning fluid..
Have you tried fire?
Now not only am I divorced
every time
I look at my black thumb
I'm reminded that I'm divorced.
Sorry about your thumb.
It's okay. I have another one.
Hey, you know what might
make you feel better?
- What?
- Handing me a Cherry Danish.
Well, it's certainly
worth a try.
[cellphone ringing]
- Out!
- But I just got my coffee.
Follow the thumb.
Hello?
(Rory)
'Who is this?'
This is Lorelai Gilmore.
'No, this is Lorelai Gilmore.'
Ooh, ghastly.
So, you have my phone?
Yes, you left it
in the kitchen.
You know what that means,
don't you? You miss mommy.
Yes, or that the refrigerator
was empty, and I ordered food.
- That makes much more sense.
- Just hold onto it for me?
I'll get it from you
next time I see you.
Okay, Oh, hold on, hon.
[cellphone ringing]
Hello.
So, I'm officially taking
the one hour I have off
to go to the driving range,
to hit golf balls
to try to improve my sucky game
thereby redeeming myself
in your father's eyes.
I like the use of "sucky" and
"thereby" in the same sentence.
- Hey, who's that?
- It's Jason.
- 'Tell him hi.'
- Hey, Rory says, "Hi."
- 'Tell her hi back.'
- He says, "Hi back."
- Hi.
- This is a sickness.
Well, I'll be in,
in a minute.
- Who are you talking to?
- My other two personalities.
- I'll bring this back inside.
- Wait, wait, bite.
A frightening picture
of things to come.
- Did you talk to anyone yet?
- I left a message for dad.
I talked to mom
but she just had her morning
Mr. Happy pill, so of course
she was having
a happy morning.
And was absolutely no help,
but I'm on it.
- 'A man on a mission.'
- That's me.
- Fire!
- What?
Nothing. I was just
feeling left out.
'Oh, sorry.'
I figure if he hasn't
call me back by 4:00
I'll just go over there.
Okay, I'm at the club.
I'm gonna hang up now.
- Call me later.
- 'Me?'
- No.
- 'No?'
- Not you.
- 'Not me?'
Uh, I'm confused.
Who's hanging up now?
- Uh, that would be me.
- Good. Okay.
I'll talk to you later.
Jason's gone.
- Finally had enough of you.
- Oh, yeah.
It took three hours
of my hula dancing
small world doll impressions,
but I broke him.
So how's World War III going?
Oh, you know, the first boys
off the boat were mowed down
but the next platoon
is moving in.
Jason's making
the lawsuit go away.
Have you talked to grandma or
grandpa yet?
Have you tried to talk to
grandma or grandpa yet?
'No.'
That's my little Kofi Annan.
- Jason will fix it.
- Jason's not their daughter.
Then he might have better luck.
Why don't you just tell them
that you guys were dating?
'Oh, come on. You know why.'
We were going to tell them
when the time was right.
Of course, I had no idea we were
dealing with the Carringtons.
All we needed was a swimming
pool and some ball gowns
to really
end the evening right.
This is unbelievable.
I leave you people alone
for one hour
and all hell breaks loose.
Hey, let's talk about
something happy.
How did your paper turn out?
- 'It sucked.'
- Why did it suck?
I just couldn't find
the right hook.
It didn't feel focused enough.
I don't know. Prof. Fleming's
class is so hard.
'Hon, I bet it was great.'
You have to say that
'cause you're my mother.
Oh, no. I'm not.
I've been looking
for the right time to tell you.
- Okay, I have to go now.
- Yeah, me too. Danish calls.
Talk to parents.
I'm going to take
advice from you
after that paper
you turned in?
- Goodbye.
- 'Goodbye.'
Come on.
I want to do a heavenly prayer.
Hold on, I'm trying
to do a Vulcan sting
and I just let you do
a half moon death combo.
You didn't let me,
I used my soul charge.
Guys, the band meeting
started 10 minutes ago.
We can hear and play
at the same time, Lane.
- What?
Okay, fine. I'm going to decide
the set list without you.
Hey, Gil, I think now
would be a great time
to add a little Matchbox 20
to our sound, don't you?
(announcer on TV)
'Necrid wins!'
- Thank you, Lane.
- You're welcome, Zack.
- Okay, let's do this.
- The gig is Friday night.
Oh, hey, Lane. Who's taking
care of the guest list?
I need to put my wife down.
We got a sitter that night
so we are free to party.
How many people
are we allowed to invite?
'cause my Aunt Susan
left my Uncle Sid
and she's staying
with my parents
and that means she's going to
bring my cousin, Turner.
I'm sure that's fine.
He goes everywhere
dressed like Zorro.
- That still seems fine.
- And he's 16.
One less wedding you're gonna
have to go to, my friend.
You don't know that.
- Here.
- What's this?
It's the names of a couple
chicks I met last night.
Put 'em on the list.
I'm sorry. Why am I suddenly
in charge of the guest list?
'Cause you're
the most reliable.
- How very Rock 'N' Roll.
- Hey, wait.
Is one of those names Dixie?
- Yes.
- Wrong night.
I want you guys
to see something.
I've been working on
the flier for the gig.
Why is there a sandwich on it?
I used a flier
from the sandwich shop
to get the dimensions right.
It's just a prototype.
The real one won't
have the sandwich on it.
So, would there be a picture
of us where the sandwich is?
Or we could put the band name
where the sandwich is.
Just the name,
I think. Diagonal.
Across where the sandwich is.
Everyone needs to stop saying,
"sandwich." I'm getting hungry.
Me too.
Do we have anything to eat?
It was your turn to shop.
- Then no.
- 'Great.'
What kind of sandwich is that?
That's the meatball explosion.
That sounds fantastic.
I would dress up like Zorro
for a meatball explosion.
- Why would those be connected?
- It would be like a dare.
I once ate cheesecake
off the floor on a dare.
Cheesecake.
Cheesecake would be good
with the meatball explosion.
Okay, fine.
'Where you going?'
I'm going to go to the store
and I'm going
to get us some food
so maybe we can
get back to work, okay?
Thanks, mom.
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
Yeah, sure, that's exactly
what I meant to do.
Hey, Owen, good to see you.
Ah, yes.
Good to see you too, Jason.
You know, I was gonna
call you about the changes
in those contracts I sent over.
I'll call Richard
about them tomorrow.
- Okay, or..
- Goodbye, Jason.
All of the woodwork was
hand carved by a union soldier
that the owner,
Mrs. Tinley, took pity on
and nursed back to health.
He got better, went off
slaughtered a few dozen
confederate soldiers
came back,
and made the stairs.
Nice story, yes?
Yes, your American history
is all over this inn.
Oh, look, a deer.
I think I know
that little guy.
'He was here
for breakfast this morning.'
Creep up quietly.
Take a better look.
I have these people
in the palm of my hand.
Travel agents are so easy.
Are the horses washed?
They're washed.
Because I'm not bringing
them out there
to be disgusted
by smelly horses.
Trust me. They've been hosed
down with new car scent.
They're great.
Okay, let's see, uh,
they saw the deer
we released the doves
I've got the Stevens boy
whitewashing the fence
in short pants
and a straw hat.
No one can manufacture
a quaint, small town moment
like you, Michel.
- Oh, travel agents coming back.
- Ugh.
Adorable, yes?
Okay, let me show you
the upstairs, the bedrooms..
Oh, what is that
delicious scent?
Why, I bet our amazing chef,
Sookie St. James
is experimenting
with her cookie recipe again.
Why don't we sneak
into the kitchen
and see if we can convince
her to give us a taste?
- Okay? Follow me.
- 'Coming through!'
(Sookie)
'Coming through!'
- Sookie!
- I'm okay.
- What happened?
- Did you make your cookies?
- Is it your foot?
- I don't think I broke it.
I didn't even hear
a snap this time.
What about the cookies?
Oh, the cookies
are on the counter.
Caramel marshmallow
chocolate chunk.
- Where are you taking her?
- Dr. Su.
Oh, great! He's the best.
Call me the minute
you get there.
Okay. God, I love
having a kitchen again.
Put the doctor on,
so I can talk to him?
- I will. Hey!
- What?
- I'm back.
- Okay.
Well, this is
a nice surprise.
Well, apparently
this is a day for surprises.
Oh, what's the matter?
I spent the entire day trying
to track down your father.
Do you want to sit
or plant or..
I left messages at his house
on his cellphone.
Finally, I went to the office
and he wasn't there.
The only people that were there
were two extremely
uncomfortable
looking secretaries who
practically
threw their back out
trying to avoid
eye contact with me.
- Why?
- Why? Yes. A good question.
I asked myself the same thing.
And then I got a call
from Richard's lawyer.
What did he want?
To tell me that Richard's
going back into business
with my father.
What? Jason.
- No, father wouldn't do that.
- He did it.
No, that company
forced him out.
And now they have
welcomed him back in.
He has his own boutique
company under their banner
a big office, no overhead.
Well, there must be some--
And he is taking
all our clients with him.
I...c-couldn't believe it.
I thought it was
one of those crazy, not so funny
Billy Crystal
at the Oscars kind of joke.
So I spent the last two hours
calling every client I could
and they're all gone.
Oh, Jason.
The ones I brought in
from my father's company
the ones I've brought in
since, all gone.
How, how could he do this?
How could my father just
take the business from you?
Oh, no, no, no.
He left me the business, but
without the clients
the business consists of some
stationery, a coffee maker
and some rubber pencil grips.
I don't understand.
Why would my father do that?
Because it's brilliant.
It's perfect.
He gets my dad
to drop the lawsuit
he makes some extra cash,
and he's sitting pretty.
- Makes perfect sense.
- But he was your partner.
And now he's the guy running
around town bad-mouthing me.
It is amazing.
Your father has done
a very thorough job.
I've got nothing.
He has ruined my reputation.
What do I do now?
I don't know. Move?
Start over somewhere else? What?
- Well, you can't move.
- Well, I have to work.
And he's making it pretty
impossible for me to work here.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna end up in Houston.
Where all the financial
wash-ups wash up.
It's gonna be me
and the Enron boys
smoking cigars while their ankle
cuffs beep in the background.
- What can I do?
- Nothing.
I jus-I just needed to vent.
I'm okay. Thank you.
- Come in.
- No, no. I can't.
I'll call you later. Buh-bye.
[instrumental music]
"I saw then
what I had not seen before.
"I saw the stoop
of his shoulders
"the lines on his face
'"like a map of a country
I had once traveled with him.'
"I hoped these marks of age
reflected wisdom
"but I feared
they were merely tokens
"purchased
with lack of sleep
"and the kind of
artificial goodwill
"that's squeezed from a man
in the public eye
like oil from a rag."
[applause]
Thank you. Thank you.
You're very kind.
(female #1)
'Thank you, Asher Fleming'
for that very moving excerpt
from your new novel, Jaglon.
It is an absolutely
electric book.
Now, Prof. Fleming has been
kind enough to give us one hour
so if you'll just line up
behind the table
'you can get
your book signed'
and then take them over to the
cash register to purchase them.
- If you'll just follow me.
- My pleasure.
God, he was great.
Wasn't he great?
- He was very impressive.
- He is so commanding.
It's obviously not necessary
for a brilliant novelist
to also be an extraordinary
public speaker, but he is.
- Yes, he is.
- And he's sexy as hell.
Teacher. Mine. Thanks.
Look at all these girls,
just flocking around him.
They're so obvious.
- Well, hello there.
- Hello, Prof. Fleming
I can't tell you
what a thrill this is.
Well, I'm-I'm flattered.
You're a genius.
Am I? How delightful.
I'm buying a copy
for everyone I know.
Well, then, you should meet
some more people.
You'll make my publisher's day.
[giggling]
Who is she kidding?
Like he can't see right through
the multiple book buying ploy?
I mean, what girl
hasn't used that one?
God knows I have.
You want to go up and say hi?
No, thanks. You go.
We won't be disturbing him.
I'm his girlfriend.
It's okay. Really.
Are you hiding from him
because of your paper?
I'm not hiding.
I just don't need to know how
much it sucks before it's time.
You might be over reacting.
Oh. No. Smell that?
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
I believe that's my paper.
Thanks. I'll stay here.
Please, she's going to hover.
Pathetic.
Hey, did I show you this?
Look.
"To a wise, willful,
wonderful woman."
That's me.
He dedicated it to me.
- Wow, that's very nice.
- I know.
It's not very specific,
but it's very nice.
Well, what's he supposed
to do, write my name?
- Perish the thought.
- You know the situation.
I do.
And as long as I know that
the wise, willful,
wonderful woman is me
who cares who else knows?
You're right. I'm sorry.
I'm just stressed
about my paper.
Well, don't take
your loser paper out on me.
Is he out of water?
I'm going
to get him some water.
Paris, I'm sorry.
The dedication's nice.
Thanks.
Oh, yes. Like they read.
Well, this was
a royal waste of my time.
However, there were cookies.
Here, hold some,
so I don't look like a pig.
You didn't enjoy the reading?
I wasn't here
to enjoy the reading.
I was here to cover
the reading for the paper
to go along with
the review of the book.
And then I arrive
only to realize
that every single available girl
at Yale is here, including
four of my reporters.
I'm not here on paper business.
I'm here because I enjoy books
and because I read books.
- Please.
- I do.
- And Paris?
- She's with me.
- And Anna and Cassie?
- Point, Doyle.
Everybody's here because
'Fleming's
an intellectual dreamboat.'
Well, I'm not here
for the dreamboat.
God, that man.
He's got a constant
rotation going.
A new girl every year.
Very young, of course.
Last year, it was Trey Myers.
God, was she beautiful.
She looked like,
what I always pictured as
a Swedish stewardess to be.
- Really?
- Yep.
Then they broke up
at the end of the term
and she rebounded
with a drama major.
So any idea who he's seeing now?
Actually, no.
This year's girl
is a bit of a mystery.
Maybe he's already
broken up with one
and he's trolling for another.
My money's on the redhead.
[doorbell ringing]
Hi. I'm looking for my father.
Big guy, bow tie.
Mr. Gilmore's
in the living room.
Thank you.
Well, you're here.
Lorelai. I didn't know
you were coming over.
- I called.
- Yes, well..
...I haven't been
in the mood to talk.
- Well, we need to.
- I felt like reading.
Why are you doing this, dad?
Well, reading is good for you.
You learn things.
Jason was your partner.
If we are going to discuss this,
let's go into my office.
Jason was your partner
and he said
he was gonna take care of it.
- Lorelai--
- Dad, No.
I'm fine talking right here.
Jason said he was
taking care of everything
and you didn't even give him a
chance before you cut him out--
This is business.
No, you took everything
from him, dad.
You're ruining his reputation.
You're making it impossible
for him to work.
I did what I had to do.
You didn't have to do this.
Well, thank you
for your opinion.
That company was
so horrible to you.
They treated you like dirt,
they forced you out
and you chose them
over him?
I am not choosing
anyone over--
I just don't understand
why you would do this.
Is it because of me?
Are you taking this out
on him because--
Did you not hear
what the man said?
Did you not hear Floyd
threaten to go after
everything your
mother and I have?
- Yes--
- Everything I've worked for.
This house, our livelihood.
There has to be
something else you can do.
- Go home, Lorelai.
- No, dad, please.
I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I
'lied to you about dating Jason'
but you can't
destroy him like this.
I'm hardly destroying him.
You took his entire business.
You've left him with nothing.
He's talking about moving.
Leaving.
So what?
So? I'm-I'm in a relationship
with him.
Then go with him.
You know I can't go with him.
I have a business,
I have a house, I have Rory.
I-I can't just
pick up and leave.
Well, then,
you've made your choice.
- Dad, stop it.
- I am tired of this, Lorelai.
You've shown
absolutely no concern
about what happens to me
what happens to your mother.
The only thing you care about is
what happens to your boyfriend.
And the worst part of it
is that I never expected
you to act any differently.
Is it really necessary?
Is what really necessary?
Going after Jason like this.
I didn't know
you were a fan of Jason's.
I'm not. I'm just concerned.
What are you
concerned about, Emily?
It took us a long time to get
Lorelai back into this house
and she is dating Jason.
What are you saying?
I worry that if you do this
you'll drive Lorelai away again.
And if she goes, Rory might go.
She lied to us. To you. To me.
I am very well aware
of what she did.
The last time I checked, you
didn't care for being lied to.
Don't be condescending.
I don't like being lied to.
We can't control
what Lorelai will do.
'Rory won't go away.'
I'm doing what I have to do.
Who does she think she is?
Just walking out of my house
like she owned the place.
Your mom didn't just
go out and get another kid.
Korea is where you go
to get new kids. Ask anyone.
'There has to be
another explanation.'
The explanation is
I've been replaced.
You have not been replaced.
She was wearing
my bunny sweater.
You hated that bunny sweater.
That's why you left it there.
She also had
my second least favorite scarf
and she was eating my apple.
The apple my mother would have
given me if I still lived there.
Which you don't.
By your own choice, might I add.
Now you're taking her side.
'I'm not taking her side.'
I've been replaced.
Drop by when you're in town
meet your new best friend.
Tip her well when she
waits on you at Luke's.
Head over to the church
with her, share a pew.
Lane.
My mom has found a new daughter.
- I bet this can needlepoint.
- Look, I've got to go.
Paris said I could use ten day
ten minutes on her phone
and after that, her exorbitant
prevailing rates apply.
So I'll call you back
when I get to my room.
Oh, wait, are you coming
to the gig on Friday?
Gig? Yes.
What time do you go on?
8:00.
Which means 8:30.
Shoot. Friday night dinner.
'Oh, I forgot.'
I don't think
I'll make it in time.
- That's okay.
- 'But I want to see your gig.'
We will have other gigs.
Of course,
by that time the other Lane
will be drumming in the band.
Well, as long as
she's got a good downbeat.
Have you gone out for
the pep squad yet?
I'll call you
in a little while.
- 'Bye.'
- Bye.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, right.
A B-minus.
Oh, thank God.
- Not bad.
- Are you kidding?
A B-minus
in Fleming's class is like
an "A" anywhere else
in sane America.
Let's celebrate.
[instrumental music]
[rock music]
[pounding]
[knocking on door]
College is loud!
Yes, it's part of our training.
It's right up there
with the bad food
the sleep deprivation
how to hold your own hair
while throwing up.
- What are you doing here?
- Inn stuff.
I had to pick up hinges
and doorknobs and faucets.
And I figured
while I was in the hood
I'd drop this off.
- Hey, thanks.
- You're welcome.
Hey, you didn't have to do that.
You could have just given it
to me at Friday night dinner.
Hmm, I could have.
Unless you're not going
to Friday night dinner.
You're not going
- Rory?
- Why?
Things have gotten worse.
How could they be worse?
They were already at worse.
Dad is going after Jason
and...it's complicated,
but it's really bad.
And I went over there to try to
talk to him about it
and he was horrible.
He said awful things to me.
- Like what?
- Like, things.
It doesn't matter,
but I-I can't just go
and sit there
and make small talk
and pretend that
everything's okay.
- Mom.
- Because it's not okay.
You were mad, he was mad.
- You said some things--
- No, Rory.
No. Now, I don't doubt
that it was bad.
You and grandpa
can make each other crazy
but maybe once he calmed down,
he was sorry.
- He is not sorry.
- 'You could be wrong.'
Maybe if we go over there
and give him a chance
to make it right, he would.
Oh, boy, honey, you're living
in fuzzy-puppy land.
Mom, it's really
important to me
that you don't back out
of Friday night dinners.
They're the only time that
the whole family gets together.
Sometimes it's the only time
that I get to see you
and I like having it there.
It's really important to me.
- Rory, come on.
- I'm serious.
Please, just give him a chance
to make it up to you. Please.
I'll be there.
- I'll be your buffer.
- You will, huh?
Absolutely.
They can focus on me,
you can focus on me.
What about when he throws
his glass of water in my face?
Then I will get very wet.
- I'm holding you to that.
- Yep.
[loud rock music]
Whoa!
Caesar, I need
a turkey burger, fries well-done
and I'm still waiting for
that grilled cheese and tomato.
Patience is a virtue.
Light a candle,
and tell it to the pope.
I want
my grilled cheese, pronto.
- Excuse me, Lane?
- Uh, yes, Kirk.
- I'm a little confused.
- About what, Kirk?
Well, I'm looking at
this flier you gave me
and what exactly do you have
to do to get the sandwich?
What?
I mean, does everyone
who shows up get a sandwich
or is it first come,
first sandwich?
Oh, that's a mistake.
The sandwich isn't
supposed to be there.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that's
just a flier for our band.
We're playing Friday at 8:30.
So, there's no sandwiches.
- No.
- Then, why would I go?
- To hear some great music.
- Oh.
Can I bring my own sandwich?
Hey, Lane?
I know it's time
for your break now
but is it okay
if I let Caesar take his?
He owes me a grilled cheese.
I'll do it. He's gotta run
to the bank or something.
To be honest, I wasn't paying
too much attention
'cause he was bugging me.
- No problem.
- Thanks.
I'm taking my ten!
That looks
like it travels well.
- Hey. Who are you?
- Hi.
- What are you doing here?
- Where?
- Why're you living in my house?
- Your house?
That house right there.
It's mine.
- What are doing there?
- I'm staying there.
- Why? Are we related?
- I hope not.
How do you know Mrs. Kim?
I am exchange student
from Seoul.
I'm here for three months,
and Mrs. Kim is my host.
- Exchange student, huh?
- Yes.
- Who are you?
- I'm Mrs. Kim's daughter.
She did tell you
she had a daughter, right?
- Yes.
- Well, she does, and it's me.
So you can try
whatever tricks you want.
- I will always be her daughter.
- Why are you so mad?
- Because you stole my life.
- I did not steal your life.
You're living in my room.
You're wearing my clothes.
And don't tell me
you always looked like that.
[yelling in Korean]
I'm not very crazy!
How would you like it
if I moved into your house?
Why don't you just
go back home?
[speaking in Korean]
You don't have to feel sorry
for Mrs. Kim. Mrs. Kim is fine!
And give me back my sweater, and
my second least favorite scarf!
On Tuesday,
we'll continue our look
at neglect of the individual
as a hallmark
of modern government.
Be prepared to discuss
Kafka's "The Trial."
Yes, if, uh, if all goes well,
it'll get very ugly.
'Thank you, everyone.'
[indistinct chattering]
Oh, very nice job
on your paper, Miss Gilmore.
Oh, thank you.
You know, Prof. Fleming
I was actually a little
surprised by my grade.
Were you?
Well, you deserved it.
You did good work.
To be honest,
I don't feel like I did.
Ah, a perfectionist.
No, I'm not a perfectionist.
I just know when I do well
and when I don't.
You know, this sounds as if
you're questioning your grade.
Well, maybe I am.
Well, this is a first.
Today alone, I've heard
complaints from, uh
two D's, four C's, and an "F"
but, uh, not from an "A."
In fact, in 35 years of teaching
I've never heard from an "A."
I just want to be sure
that the grade I got is
what I deserve.
What exactly are you saying,
Miss Gilmore?
Just that if the grade I got
wasn't legitimately earned
then I have no interest in it.
Oh, how very noble of you.
I intend to earn
all of my grades.
I don't want any favors.
And why exactly
would you think
that I'd be inclined
to grant you any favors?
- I'm not saying that you are--
- You're not?
Oh, then I must have
misunderstood this conversation.
- I'm just saying that--
- Yes?
That I want to earn
all of my grades.
Yes, you've already said that.
No matter how many
"wise, willful,
and wonderful women" I know.
Have you quite finished?
I suppose I have.
Oh, before you go
any further, Miss Gilmore
let me assure you
that I do not give grades
that are not earned.
'I gave you an "A" because your
argument was well structured'
your writing
was clear and concise.
And you drew a connection
from Marsilius of Padua
to Machiavelli
to the modern age of media
that PhD candidates
would envy.
In fact, no one else's paper
was that thoroughly researched.
Except for the other person
who also got an "A."
You did what was demanded,
and you did it well.
And I would
seriously caution you
not to question
my grading tactics again.
Okay.
Thanks for the "A."
And the redhead
has fat thighs.
Come on.
Hey, hey, there's no hurry.
We're early.
Yes, but we're here,
so we might as well
go in and get it over with.
Okay, just relax,
why don't you?
I would like to stop and smell
the roses if you don't mind.
- Mom.
- You're-you're young.
You don't understand
these things.
I'm old, I'm dying,
I'm gonna smell a rose.
Oh, I don't see a rose.
I think there's one next door.
You're being a tad ridiculous.
Come on.
On a scale of
one to a million
how awful do you think
tonight's gonna be?
Well, how high a number
did you think the walk
up the driveway was?
Ugh.
You know, I wonder which tact
my dad's gonna pick tonight.
I bet he goes with
the silent treatment.
- Or maybe he won't.
- Yeah, you're right.
He might prefer the full-on,
frontal assault.
You know,
just constant mental flogging
right from "ding-dong"
through till "drive safe."
Well, at least
he said "drive safe."
Oh, no. It wasn't him.
It was the maid.
Or maybe dad will be fine,
and Emily will be on the attack.
Yeah, a little good cop, bad cop
if you know what I mean.
Keep me on my toes.
I won't be expecting that.
Except that you are. Ready?
Okay. Wait, just wait.
We can still leave.
- No.
- Rory.
Right now is the point
in the horror movie
where the entire audience
is yelling "Don't go in there."
I will be right
beside you, okay?
Okay, but I'm telling you
if my dad gets ugly
I'm out of there.
[doorbell ringing]
Lorelai. Rory.
You're early.
Yeah, no traffic.
No? Well, that's very..
Uh, come in.
Did you hit much traffic?
Um...no.
No traffic at all.
Well, good.
Uh, nothing like
an hour stuck in traffic
to ruin your complete day.
Should I take your coats?
That's okay.
We can just put them here.
Alright.
Well, you're early,
so I'm not quite organized yet
but, uh,
shall we have some drinks?
(Lorelai)
Okay.
Alright. There's no ice.
Do we need ice?
Uh..
Of course, we need ice.
There's some in the kitchen.
I'll go get it.
Okay. He doesn't seem mad.
All depends on which definition
of "mad" you're going with.
(Lorelai)
'Mom.'
Lorelai. Rory. You're early.
Um, yeah, we didn't
hit any traffic, so..
well, it-it-it's nice
to see you.
(Lorelai)
'Where were you?'
- When?
- Just now.
O-oh, well,
I had to run out to the store.
- To get what?
- They were out.
- Emily, the girls are early.
- I see that.
Is that ice?
Yes. We need it
to make the drinks.
'Oh, shoot.'
'You should take the bucket'
into the kitchen
the next time.
Yes, that would've been
the smart thing to do.
Well, I was making drinks.
- So, uh, Rory, how is school?
- It's fine.
Um, I just got
an "A" on a paper.
Oh! Well, that's wonderful.
You gonna let go
of that purse, mom?
Well, you're holding pretty
tightly to your purse there.
You look like
someone's Tante Flickman.
- Oh, well, I, uh, just...there.
- Okay.
- It's new.
- The purse?
Yes, it's new.
I'm trying to break it in.
Sure. Otherwise,
you'd get blisters.
Well, here we are.
- Lorelai.
- Thank you.
And soda for Rory.
Emily?
Well, good.
Uh, so...cheers.
- Cheers.
(Emily)
Cheers.
So, Rory, how's school?
Fine. I just got
an "A" on a paper.
Has she told you
about the traffic?
Dinner's ready.
It is?
It-it's only just 7:00 now.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What time did you want dinner?
- 'You didn't tell me, so..'
- You know what? It's alright.
We'll just eat now.
- Now?
- 'Okay.'
'But what do we do with the--'
Just take your drinks
to the table.
Take our drinks to the--
Oh, I'll grab
the cocktail napkins.
But, mom,
you left your purse.
- Oh, yes.
- Mom?
- What?
- I was just kidding, mom.
Oh, you.
Okay, so every time they ask you
about school or traffic..
- ...just do a shot.
- Shh.
Thank you.
[clearing throat]
So, what's for dessert?
We're not having dessert.
- We're not?
- I-I'm on a diet.
Americans are extremely fat.
I think they prefer reubenesque.
You're not fat, grandma.
Well, thank you, Lorelai.
She was close.
Well, okay.
If we're not having dessert
then we should go?
- Alright.
- See you next Friday.
Thank you for coming.
- Oh.
- Thank you for having us.
Wait. The Gordons gave us some
wonderful chocolate last week.
They bought
it back from Belgium.
You can take it with you.
No, mom, that's okay.
We're fine.
These are really good
chocolates, Lorelai.
- I'm sure they are, dad.
- Did you find them, Emily?
Grandpa, we can just
get them next time.
Oh, nonsense.
You can eat them
on the way home.
Emily?
Here they are.
I've got them.
One for you.
And one for you. Enjoy.
We will.
Okay, uh, we're leaving now.
Have a good evening
and get some sleep.
Alright.
Goodnight.
- What the hell was that?
- I don't know.
Jack Nicholson
and Angelina Jolie
just kicked us out
with parting gifts.
Dessert to go.
As much as the thought of an
early end to Friday night dinner
and desert for the road
appeals to me..
...that was just weird.
She made a tin-foil swan.
What was up with
the drinks and the dinner
she seemed
to know nothing about
and where was
she coming from, anyhow?
She had to,
"run to the store" since when?
- I don't know.
- She came back with nothing.
Oh, and the purse.
Did you notice the purse?
They say people change
as they get older.
I just didn't think
it was all in one week.
There is something wrong here.
- Why is my mother's car here?
- She was in a hurry?
My mother never parks her car
in the driveway
because the car
might drip oil
and make a spot
on the concrete
and then life
as we know it would end.
- What are you doing?
- Just seeing what's in her car.
- Why?
- Because, I don't know.
I just feel like something's up.
- She's coming.
- Who?
- Mom. Hurry.
- What are you doing?
Good shoes,
good shoes, good shoes.
[engine revving]
She's leaving.
Where's she going?
I don't know.
She left her house with
dry cleaning, and she drove off?
- She's meeting friends?
- Tonight, after dinner?
Maybe?
I'm sorry.
This might be crazy, but..
...is my mom
not staying here tonight?
Well..
[rock music]
[singing indistinctly]
♪ Black coat white shoes
black hat Cadillac ♪
♪ Yeah, the boy's a time bomb ♪
♪ Black coat white shoes
black hat Cadillac ♪
♪ Yeah, the boy's a time bomb ♪
♪ Black coat white shoes
black hat Cadillac ♪
♪ Yeah, the boy's a time bomb ♪
♪ Black coat white shoes
black hat Cadillac ♪
♪ Yeah, the boy's a time bomb ♪
♪ Oh time bomb ♪♪
[audience cheering]
Great gig! Awesome gig!
You're starting to wheeze
on the beat, dude.
- I've been practicing.
- 'Man, I am feeling it.'
We have hit the next level.
- We have, haven't we?
- You heard the crowd.
Dude, what was with
the shirt raise?
Hey, when I'm playing like that,
there is no room for clothes.
Well, we need a sign, 'cause
I was staring right at you
when you took it off.
I felt like putting
a buck in your pants.
Hey, I wouldn't turn it down.
(female #1)
'Brian, honey!'
Hey, mom.
You kids were excellent.
Thanks, dad.
Hey, Aunt Susan.
Hey...Turner.
- Hey, Brian.
- I brought carrot sticks.
You want a carrot stick,
Brian?
Yeah, thanks.
He really does wear
a Zorro costume.
I gotta go find my wife.
I'm so jazzed right now.
That was great!
We have never
played that good.
You've never
Really?
You've never given me
a compliment, ever.
What am I, your mother?
- Ew.
- What? Oh.
- 'Who is that?'
- 'I think it's his wife.'
'Seriously,
that is just wrong.'
He should celebrate.
We all should celebrate.
Stay out all night,
hit the clubs
and talk about our
Rolling Stones cover.
'I'm thinking
the garden of Eden theme.'
Hi, Zack.
- Shannon.
- You remembered?
I can read a napkin,
sweetheart.
- Nice pants.
- You're a God.
And we shall discuss this
further at the bar.
So, what did you think
of the lyrics?
♪ There's always too much sun
and too much snow ♪
♪ I'll never ever land ♪
♪ There's always too much sun
and too much snow ♪
♪ I get slow days and no days ♪
♪ I get rusty and it's hard ♪
♪ But I get notions and oceans ♪
♪ Are coming to my call ♪♪
♪ la-la ♪
♪ La-la ♪
♪ La la-la ♪
♪ La-la la-la ♪
♪ La-la la ♪
♪ La-la ♪
♪ La la-la ♪
♪ La-la la ♪
♪ La-la la ♪♪
So, I spent all morning
on the phone
calling every hotel in the area
with a decent high tea
and there she was.
The Grafton Hotel, Room 421.
Check out date indefinite.
I'm sorry.
I can't believe
my parents are separated.
I mean, I dreamed
about this as a kid.
Of course,
my scenario also involved
my mother finding
her inner Timothy Leary
and moving us all out
to a commune in Berkeley
but still...I was convinced
that these people
should not be together.
But you know what?
I was wrong.
Richard and Emily Gilmore
were made for each other.
God, this is so...freaky.
And I'm not supposed to know,
and we won't talk about it
because we don't do that
in our family.
We repress everything,
and we refuse to go to therapy
because why tell
a stranger your problems
when you can use them
to punish those around you?
So, what now?
Every Friday
I'm supposed to pretend
that they still live together
and then after we leave
my mother will get in her car
and drive back to the hotel?
The hotel.
My mother's living in a hotel.
It's weird.
It's just incredibly weird.
I'm sorry.
I just needed to vent.
- You have every right.
- I'm done now.
There's nothing
I can do about them, so..
[sighing]
Talk to me.
You were gonna
tell me something.
I'm suing your father.
I have to, Lorelai.
- No, you don't.
- I've gone over it.
I've weighed every option.
I have to respond.
I cannot just sit here
and do nothing
when my entire career
is going up in flames.
Jason, please. Don't do this.
Maybe it won't be so bad.
Maybe he'll settle.
He won't settle.
It's just business.
Oh, my god. I'm so sick of
hearing people say that.
You know I wouldn't do this
if I didn't have to.
You don't have to.
If I intend to continue working
in my chosen profession
then, yeah, I have to.
Don't be just a business guy.
Put this on another level.
Please.
I can't.
- Unbelievable.
- Lorelai.
I have no choice.
- I have to fight back.
- Jason..
I will keep you out of this.
I promise.
I can't be with someone
who's suing my family.
- Lorelai, come on.
- I'm sorry.
You saw what your
father did to me.
I know
what he did to you.
And he is not gonna stop
until there's nothing left.
I'm asking you
not to do this.
Ask me something else.
Anything else.
- This is what I want.
- You know how hard I work.
My job is who I am.
I can't lose everything.
You have to understand
why I'm doing this.
I do understand.
But I can't be with someone
who's suing my family.
Lorelai..
[instrumental music]
[music continues]
[theme music]